our story begins in the town of who the
fuck cares built a 90 99 population over
9000 prime a lot interest in the town 0
no someone's a man here that was hot
bath series his name gave a hedgehog now
he's odd your attitude even guy is not
the best been calabar does not have all
powers and bro it's not invincible now
every single human being loves everybody
shit out of them and it's not the most
active thing bringing plan on the
contrary is quite beyond us today today
can always get up exercise get in shape
and add more cookie get the fuck up no I
don't want it bog come on
now why did I have to get dressed
because you need to make the series up
their characters do I don't wanna come
on it'll be fun oh alright but do we
have to make a stereotypical flat you
know something like Doctorow wake man
kills my parents and he back at him
somehow never like on a really stupid
quest with a bunch of cliche bowels plot
lines and numerous plot holes and
overall it sucks unfortunately yes it's
the la la you gotta be shitting me yeah
i shouldna toilet and this is insane we
got a fucked up idiot does that kind of
oh
anywho let's get this over with begin
the retarded plotline haha dr. moo shu
and I have killed your parents
oh and I've ranked your puppy no way
don't have a puppy oh well that was good
piece of tail until now the only way
you'll stop taking over yes if I just
sit I thought you said the puppy stop me
from taking over the world your digit
code 27 lizard testicles you know this
blood seems familiar yeah Who am I
getting all stupid major was insane
hahaha now the adventure begins for our
heroes join us to see the next
installment of the cliche shitty Evandro
cookie the Hedgehog